[Music]
hey what is going on everybody
Germa here with a Team Fortress 2
gameplay commentary and tonight gonna be
playing as the demo man using the sticky
bomb launcher of course the have
Zatoichi and the Lock and Load which has
become my default Demoman setup ever
since I got the strange Lock and Load a
few days ago
now this video I want to really bring up
something very very important about the
demo man I want to give you a couple of
tips couple of strategies to use because
I've never done a demo man tip video I
think I said one or two things maybe a
long time ago about it but I want to
give you some real strategies at least
with these sticky launcher because with
the Lock and Load and with the default
grenade launcher its kind of spam you
get lucky sometimes with air shots you
have to time it you have to lead your
targets that type of thing but the
sticky launcher can be a real pain in
the butt for a lot of people and I'm
here to save the day Germa saves it all
just one second hold on one you think
you're gonna be teaching anyone
something without me here who the hell
are you I'm the principal of the local
school oh okay um I mean it this is this
is a Team Fortress 2 video I don't think
you really I mean I don't I don't think
you need to be here it's not like really
math Oh Oh dare you I am the school
principal that means what I say goes
okay and if you don't like that guy then
I'm gonna give you a math problem to
screw with your brain start two plus two
is four for us polish a stop stop stop
stop okay I understand you're the school
principal and if there's one thing I
know about principals they don't like
this chin you better not do it homework
sucks so step on work sir Dawson
homework so but my only weakness shucks
oh he's gone oh for now he's gone for
now and this is is this even a Team
Fortress video anymore this turned into
like outer space adventures with a germ
Oh what the hell is going on anyways
so Demoman sticky bump tips without that
guy here anymore we can we can get into
this so these deke launcher so what you
want to do with this thing the most
important thing about the sticky
launcher is setting traps for people and
that does not necessarily mean hiding
behind a corner with five stickies on a
doorway when I say sticky trap I mean
real time sticky traps think of a
landmine system where you're dropping
landmines where you know people are
going to walk and if somebody's chasing
you especially if it is a pyro you were
going to see this at least two or three
times in this video a pyro will be
chasing me or any close quarters like a
scout or something like that
drop the stickies where they are running
kind of like a breadcrumb trail to you
so pretend you're Hansel and Gretel and
the person chasing you is the witch and
you're dropping these stickies down so
when they walk over the trail you can
detonate it and it might not kill them
for the first sticky or even the second
sticky but a lot of times it only takes
two or three and but for the most part
people will still chase you so
definitely check out the breadcrumb
trail in in quotes I guess that could be
what of what it is but the second
technique I want to talk about is one
that a lot of people do anyways but I
want to cover it just because some
people still don't do it it is the
blind-fire technique and that is where
if you know there are people around a
corner don't try and make a trap on the
right side or wait for them to come
around just shoot in a space across the
corner or around the corner where you
know people are going to be because
think about every single choke point in
team fortress there's always going to be
a ton of people around certain corners
especially on payload and especially on
control point so once you get the
knowledge of the maps definitely use
this blind-fire technique and that
follows up with another technique and
it's not even really a technique but
still there are people that don't have
this and I was one of those people that
originally I did not have this enabled
turn on hit sounds you go to Advanced
Options this is this is also by the way
how to turn on the numbers the damage
numbers so go to Advanced Options turn
on play a sound when an enemy has said
it's something like that and the damage
numbers as text you want both of those
especially the first one
because what this allows you to do is
blind fire around corners and get the
ding sound and know okay there's people
there let me shoot more and kill four
people and it did take me a long time to
turn those on and I really don't know
why I think I just didn't like change
but this is going to wrap up the video
guys thank you so much for watching I
really do appreciate it
hopefully you got something out of this
I know there's a bunch more tips I can
give but these are just the ones that I
like to use these the ones that helped
me the most so yeah I'll catch you guys
all next time and take care everybody